Update FHIRServerUsersGuide.md (#2590)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

```

9.  After you start the server, you can verify that it's running properly by invoking the `$healthcheck` endpoint like this:

```
    curl -k -u '<username>:<password>' 'https://<host>:<port>/fhir-server/api/v4/$healthcheck'
```

where `<username>` is one of the users configured in `server.xml` (default is `fhiruser`).  
Use single quotes around the URL to prevent $healthcheck from being evaluated as an environment variable on unix-based operating systems.  

> One should see `All OK` in the response.  The preceding command should produce output similar to the following:

Author: ```suggestion
One should see an empty body in the response with a HTTP Response Code 200. 
```

> One should see `All OK` in the response.  The preceding command should produce output similar to the following:
>     

Reviewer: it turns out this info is actually stale.  we changed the default response to be a 200 OK with an empty body as part of #2170 
```suggestion
```

Author: Updated
